[horn blares]
-♪ Chico ♪
-♪ Bon Bon ♪
-♪ Chico, Chico, Chico Bon Bon ♪
-♪ Chico Bon Bon, Chico, Chico Bon Bon ♪
♪ Chico, Chico, Chico Bon Bon ♪
♪ Chico Bon Bon
Chico, Chico Bon Bon Bon ♪
♪ Monkey, monkey
A monkey with a tool belt ♪
A monkey with a tool belt ♪
♪ Monkey, monkey
I saw a m-- m-- monkey!
Tool belt!
♪ Chico, Chico, Chico Bon Bon ♪
♪ Chico bon bon, Chico, Chico Bon Bon ♪
♪ Chico, Chico, Chico Bon Bon
Chico, Chico, Chico Bon Bon ♪
Monkey with a tool belt.
[Rainbow Thunder] Chico Bon Bon
and the Piping Hot Pizza Problem.
[Chico] Look, up in the sky!
It's a bird!
It's a plane!
No, it's...
Super Tiny!
Is Tiny flying?
[laughs] No, not really.
It's just a bit of movie magic
for Tiny in...
Super Tiny: The Quest For Cheese.
It's actually better than magic.
It's science.
We're using air pressure to hold Tiny up,
and make it look like she's flying.
[laughs]
[Chico] Air pressure made possible by
the Bon Bon battery-powered leaf blower!
A tool that's sure to blow you away.
It clears away leaves...
and also makes bubbles.
Wow, but where's the air pressure?
I don't see a thing.
You don't actually see air pressure.
You feel it, like a gust of wind.
[making lip bubbles]
[gasps] Yay, air pressure!
[alarm blares]
[gasps] The banana phone!
[action music playing]
Chico Bon Bon.
You got a problem? We can solve 'em!
Chico. Oh, I've got a hot pizza problem
that's getting cold fast.
Mr. McFluster? Pizza? Problem?
Sounds exciting.
And delicious.
Sit tight, we'll be there in a jiffy-jaff.
Fix-It Force, time to bring the awesome!
[kids] Chico Bon Bon!
Rainbow Thunder!
Clark!
Tiny!
Whoa!
[grunts]
[robot] Tool Force One activated.
[action music playing]
[Rainbow] Looks like Mr. McFluster's
at Bridgeless Canyon.
Why is it called Bridgeless Canyon?
Because...
there's no bridge across that canyon.
That makes sense.
Why do you need to get a pizza
over there in the first place?
Well, today Fluster Crust Pizza received
an order from Herb the Hermit Crab,
who lives over there!
Where's my piping hot pizza?
He sounds crabby.
You see this super neat-o
power delivery pizza badge?
Yes.
It means
I've never delivered a cold pizza,
and that is not something
I plan to start today.
Mr. McFluster, you're in luck.
I've got just the tool
for your pizza problem.
I call it the Pie Flier!
Just grab your pizza pie, load her up,
and let it fly!
Stop!
Mr. Bon Bon, Bridgeless Canyon
is a strictly no-flying-pie zone.
[helicopter whirring]
Well, then I can fly the Clark Copter.
Nuh-uh-uh, no copters.
I could use my Glittercycle!
[tires squeal]
No throwing, no copters, no cycles
or vehicles of any kind.
-Um.
-Huh.
Well, what if we built a bridge?
Clark,
that is so normal it just might work.
Group high five!
Just hurry!
Once the thermometer turns fully blue,
the pizza won't be piping hot anymore.
Then I can't deliver it!
One bridge coming right up.
Fix-It Force, it's time to build a bridge.
[Chico] All right, almost finished.
One bridge made of wood.
Wow-wee! You really did it!
And since it's made of wood,
it's sturdy, strong, and...
[sniffs] ...smells like sawdust.
Just a few more pieces to go.
Follow us, Mr. McFluster.
[phone ringing]
-[speaking gibberish]
-Oh. Hello, Herb.
[speaking gibberish]
Yes, your piping hot pizza is on the way.
Huh, I wonder
why nobody's ever built a bridge here.
-[buzzing]
-Huh?
Do you hear that?
Agh! Bridge-eating beetles!?
Run!
♪ Oh, just call me
Mr. Pizza in the morn-- ♪
[all screaming]
Oh!
Ah!
-Thanks, buddy.
-You're welcome.
A group high five?
What... just... happened?
Bridge-eating beetles.
-Oh, what? That's a thing?
-Yup.
They're in my book,
100 Beasts of Blunderburg.
-Bridge-eating beetles love to eat--
-Let me guess, bridges?
How'd you know?
They especially like wood,
but they're known to eat... [gulps]
-...any type of bridge.
-Seriously?
That is awesome.
That's not awesome.
It's the opposite of awesome.
If they eat bridges,
I can never deliver this pizza.
Nah. [chuckles] Mr. McFluster,
the Fix-It Force never says never,
unless we're talking about how many times
we say never, which is never!
♪ Oh! We ♪
-♪ Never, never, never, never ♪
♪ Never, never, never, never say never ♪
♪ Except when singing this song
Uh! ♪
We'll just build a bridge out of something
they won't eat. Clark, what do you got?
Hmm...
How about...
steel?
It's metal,
so it's shiny, tough, and strong as...
-Well, it's as strong as steel!
-Oh, fantastic.
There's no way a bridge-eating beetle
can bite through this.
Oh, no.
[buzzing]
I stand corrected.
[burp]
[phone rings]
-Uh, yes. Hi, Herb.
-[speaking gibberish]
Your piping hot pizza will be there soon.
-Maybe!
-[speaking gibberish]
I don't know! [crying]
What do we do now?
We keep trying until we find something
these beetles don't eat.
Oh, just do it quickly!
Plastic blocks.
[buzzing]
Stinky socks!
Grandfather clocks?
[buzzing]
Oh! This isn't working.
Correction, this isn't working yet.
Chico, the pizza's getting dangerously
close to cold. What do we do?
Goodbye, power pizza delivery badge.
[chuckles] No way, José!
It may be against the rules,
but my Pie Flier
is the only solution that'll work.
Chico, no!
We're the Fix-It Force.
We build things. We don't break things.
That includes the rules.
[stutters] But, Clark, nothing works!
Then pull yourself together
and take a banana break.
-Good idea.
-[dings]
-[Chico] Okay. We tried wood.
-[buzzer]
-We tried steel.
Plastic blocks, stinky socks,
and grandfather clocks.
But those bridge-eating beetles
ate everything!
Oh! I wish Super-Tiny could just
fly the pizza over there
because nothing works--
Nothing works...
-Nothing but air pressure!
-[dings]
Blazing bananas, that's it!
We'll make a bridge out of nothing!
Huh?
Well, not nothing. We'll use air pressure,
like in Tiny's movie.
Oh, I get it.
If we set up a bunch of leaf blowers
across then, whoo!
Mr. McFluster and the pizza
will float right across on the air!
Uh, excuse me.
Float across? Bridge of air?
It's not a bridge exactly,
but it'll bridge the gap
between here and Herb's house.
And since there's no actual bridge,
there's nothing for the beetles to eat!
This could work!
Fix-It Force, let's go catch some air.
Hello, I'm Neil Ostrich
with a special report.
The Fix-It Force needs your leaf blowers!
The fate of a power pizza delivery badge
depends on it.
Now back
to our regularly scheduled program.
[Chico] All right, blowers engage!
-All blowers at full power.
-Nice!
[alarm sounds]
[robot] Warning,
pizza no longer piping hot!
Do not deliver! Do not deliver!
Oh! We're too late. The pizza. It's...
[sniffles] warm!
Oh, I can't deliver this!
Ah, bummer!
Then I guess you won't mind if I do this.
[gasps]
[in slow motion] No!
Huh?
[Robot] Pizza piping hot again.
Clear for delivery!
Bon Bon leaf blowers blow hot air!
Oh! It's a pizza miracle!
Nah, just science.
Now, go deliver that pie.
Uh!
-Yeah! [laughing]
-[all] Go!
[Rainbow Thunder] All right!
[Chico] The bridge-eating beetles
are getting blown away!
Go, Mr. McFluster! Go!
Ooh, bubbles.
[gasps] Bubbles! Oh, peanuts.
One of the blowers is set to bubbles!
Somebody's gotta turn it back on!
-I'm on it!
-Chico, wait!
We need someone small who can get in
between the blowers to reach the switch.
This is a job for...
[all] Super Tiny!
[heroic music playing]
[all gasp]
-[chuckles] Whoo-hoo!
-[Rainbow Thunder] Yeah!
-Yay!
-Way to go, Tiny!
Herb the Hermit Crab,
I believe you ordered a piping hot pizza.
I said no onions.
Oh!
After Mr. McFluster remade his order,
Herb finally got to eat
a piping hot pizza,
which he describes as...
Pretty good.
[McFluster] Oh, thank you, Fix-It Force.
With your help, I was able to keep
my power pizza delivery badge.
By the way,
where is my favorite super mouse?
[burps]
[all] Huh?
-Whoa!
-[all laugh]
[Chico] Looks like
Super Tiny's quest for cheese is over.